So now that we've converted over our header component let's tackle something more challenging because
all we've done with this header component and the homepage component is convert some pretty basic CSX
over into a stock component but what about using the props that we were talking about.
Well one of our biggest components that actually does that is our custom button component by using CSX
and these props that we get in to custom button.
We actually have three possible states right.
Three possible CSX styles that we might apply on our button but this is actually pretty much exactly
what styled components is meant to do what we're trying to do here with class names we can actually
easily do with style components.
Now how do we do this.
Well let's make a new file called custom button dot styles Dot.
Jessica and inside we want to import in styled and we also want CSF from stock components and we want
to assess because we will be pretty much modifying the base component right.
We're not going to conditionally render different components.
We just want our stock component to have different styles in it.
And we can easily do that with a CSX block.
So instead of conditionally running class names we can conditionally render CSX blocks related to what
the styles are nested in those class names
so if we open up our style sheet as well we see that these styles are related to our custom button.
These styles are related to the Google sign and these styles are related to the inverted right.
So what we can do is we can separate these three chunks into their own styles or stock component.
So what we'll do first is we will create our base style which is our base component which should be
our custom button container which is equal to a styled button and in the stop button we are going to
just put all of these styles that we know that we want
and the great thing is that it's just supports pretty much the exact same syntax as we wrote with our
SAS.
Right.
As we get all the benefits of SAS but we also get the benefits of JavaScript
what we want to do is we also want to create these separate styles that we had for our Google sign in
and our inverted button style.
What we want to do is we can make a new concept called inverted button styles which is equal to a CSX
block that holds the code to our inverted button styled so we'll just copy this.
We also need our Google sign and styles
which is also equal to a CSX block and we're just going to copy over our Google sign and styles
and now what we need to do is instead of rendering just these thousand while we know that we can write
JavaScript.
Right.
So what we can actually write is a function that we call inside of this component because it's just
all javascript.
So what we can write is can't get buttons styles is equal to a function that gets the props and what
it returns is different styles depending on what we have.
So we can say if props dot Google sign in which is the same props that we had from here right.
We'll still just pass them in then.
I want to return Google site and styles out of this function.
So I want to return these styles.
If the Google sign and property's true otherwise what we want to return if is prop star inverted if
this is true then return inverted button stuff.
Otherwise what we want to return is nothing or our base styles.
So what we can actually do in fact is we can even make this a step further because now we can leverage
this.
What we will move out is the styles that are conflicting with our inverted button stuff so we can say
concert buttons styles is equal to the CSF of our regular background right.
What our background is black.
So let's just pull that off.
You know that when our background is black and our color is white
we know when the color is white actually the color white is also in our Google stores.
But that's OK we'll copy over our color is white and then we also want when our border is not
and then on the hover.
We also want our hover.
Now what we'll do is if we don't return invert a button stores where we're just return buttons.
So what we did is we pretty much wrote this function that checks first if you have Google sign in if
it's Google sign and we don't.
We know it's never gonna be inverted.
Right.
So then we never want to hit this part where we can return any of these styles we want to return our
Google sign and style and then if this is not true if Google sign it is false then we check if it's
inverted.
If it's inverted then we return the inverted button styles.
If it's not inverted then we returned the regular buttons that and then in order to use this we just
call this inside of our component like so
and just like that instead of writing all of that nested ugly looking ternary operators for our class
names we can just now import in our button.
We don't even need to spread in all of these other props like so we can just spread in all of our props.
Right.
Because our class name or sorry not our class name.
Instead of doing it like this we don't even need to be structure anything anymore because we don't need
that kind of specificity because we're not doing it in this file.
We can now just spread in our props
we do need to do structure off the children though.
So let's this
just like that we've reduced the amount of complexity and what we see here.
And now if we want to know what styles get loaded we can tell because all we can just look at this function
right.
We see that we have some base styles on this button.
And then what other styles get rendered is depending on what props we got passed in.
And it's very easy to see what will get because each piece of code is now inside of its own section
and it just reads like Javascript.
But except we know that we're getting CSA styling and now if we look we'll see all our buttons still
work the same way that they did before.
Well I think I might have misspelled our Google sign just check what we're using.
This is in our sign and
oh is Google sign it.
What's the Google's.
Now if we save right we see everything still works the same as it did.
So hopefully you see the benefits of using style components does already.
Right.
It's just more javascript.
It's just easier to write JavaScript but it's not like we're giving up our understanding of CSX.
All we're doing is just writing the javascript and following the javascript rules that we're already
so used to.
So now let's just remove this custom styles because we don't need anymore
so hopefully you're familiar with what it is to move over some of our style sheets over to our S as
in jazz style components at this point.
What you can do is you have all of these other components that you can convert over to style components
if you find that you're hitting a challenging area.
I have included a link to the complete version where every component that we've ever written is switched
over to a star component so you can just use and leverage that if you would prefer otherwise in the
next few lessons.
We're going to move on from style components because the concepts are pretty much just the same as what
you've seen here.
Now one of the things to consider is definitely that you don't have to convert all of these components
at once.
If you want to break from some of the future lessons right.
If you feel like something is overwhelming it's actually kind of therapeutic to convert styles over
to stores stock components and the more practice you get the better it'll be.
I do think one last thing we have to do is remove our reference to the styles that SAS inside of our
custom button component but going back to my original point.
There's many ways.
Right.
And there's many ways you can learn.
You don't have to just copy everything over right.
You don't have to force yourself until you hit a wall before you check the final repo where everything
is converted over to a stock component.
You can definitely just use it as a reference if you even want to just look at what you have.
Look at the final version right.
Compare and even just copy it over OK.
Now let's continue with our course.